Now, it's time for you to code the particle filter,
which is the most essential step in the MCL algorithm.
As we saw in the previous lesson,
the MCL algorithm consists of two main sections.
In this part of the first section,
particles are generated and motion is assigned to each one of them.
Here, you'll be coding this fraction by generating the particles in
the first programming quiz and simulating
motion to each one of them in the second programming quiz.
First, you generate the particles.
Inside the 2D map of size 100 meter by 100 meter,
you will randomly and uniformly spread 1,000 particles.
To replicate real-world conditions,
you'd simulate noise and add random Gaussian digits to the particle forward,
turn, and sensing values.
Remember that each particle represents a guess of where the robot might be.
Then, you'd simulate motion for each of
these particles by rotating them and moving them forward.